Week 6 Diary Entry 03/02-09/03

Attended Group Tutorial 1 hour.

Tasks from Last Week

1. Follow along Udemy Course
Description: Use this to help inform the design of the game https://www.udemy.com/course/unity-turn-based-strategy/
Status: Incomplete
This counts as spikework. I've implemented a pathfinding system with obstacles. I've moved from a square grid to a hex grid. I've used an offset coordinate system, such that the offset of the x coordinate is dependant on the y coordinate. There are other coordinate systems as shown in this blog https://www.redblobgames.com/grids/hexagons/ as well as other methods of using hex maps such as in https://catlikecoding.com/unity/tutorials/hex-map/. It would be interesting to explore these in further depth in future since they contain optimised code snippets for interesting map interactions.
I've implemented an A* algorithm for pathfinding. It can handle unwalkable tiles but doesn't cost tiles differently. I've some ideas on how to cost climbing and difficult terrain. It was very easy to get the AI and the player controlled agents to use the same pathfinding as I've kept the code for both agents as generic and encapsulated as possible so that they can use the same logic located elsewhere. Currently, units on reaching 0 hp just destroy themselves. There's very little in the way of interesting visual feedback to the player. I think it would be good to include some flair with the shoot animation or perhaps with units exploding. Also, I should display the results of an attack on screen in a visual format so that a player can confirm misses or hits when the chance to hit system is implemented.
I encountered an interesting bug when converting from square to hex in the pathfinding. The issue arose from a mistake with the logic for checking the offset. This resulted in some very strangely shaped movement ranges around agents.
I believe I could sit tiles on top of a terrain object in unity if I use a raycast on the gridsystem's setup. There's upsides and downsides. For instance, this doesn't allow for flying units as unlikely as they are to be implemented. It also doesn't really look good or suit the Synti store assets. I've created a custom brush using a hexagon so I could stamp terrain to an elevation but I still haven't worked out an approach to adding a third coordinate.
Hours worked: 21

2. Produce System Test Document
Description: A system Test document to determine the completeness of game code.
Status: Incomplete
I've worked on this ahead of the mid project demonstration. I've included a number of new system tests for agents attacking eachother, the action economy, and units reacting to eachother.
Hours Worked: 4

3. Title: SpikeWork demonstration
Description: I volunteered to show what Spikework I've been doing. It's a good opportunity to get feedback.
Status: Complete
I've demonstrated infront of the group the work I'd done so far. The outcome was satisfactory.

New Tasks:

1. Mid Project Demonstration
Description: A mid project demonstration worth 5% of the grade.
I should add a few new actions such as a melee and an area of attack action to make my project look a little more complete from a user perspective.

Continue Task:

Continue Task:
1. Produce System Tests Document
It's really important I complete this before I start putting code to production.