Week 5 Diary Entry 24/02-02/03

Attended Group Tutorial 1 hour.

I've volunteered to demonstrate some of the Spike work I've been doing in the next Group Tutorial on the 03/03.

Tasks from Last Week:

1. Follow along Udemy Course
Description: Use this to help inform the design of the game https://www.udemy.com/course/unity-turn-based-strategy/
Status: Incomplete
I've learnt a few things. I can make a unit prefab and a unit variant prefab and both can have potentially different components and behaviour.
One of my suggested features was an "auto-battle" feature, so a simple AI. Emphasis on Simple. I've got some insights into how to do this.
For moving, the ai looks at its possible moves as a surface and chooses the highest "peak" based on a score derived from the number of enemies it
can attack from that position. This would be a problematic method for enemies that only have a knife and would result in them roaming most likely but
logic is there now and it can be changed.
I can use an abstract class to represent the possible "actions" an agent can take. I'm thinking of representing components as actions, i.e, this component
add this action. I would have a base action class which contain in them the logic they need to execute the action. I can simplify the logic in the Unit action system
by enforcing all public Action moves are virtual. Only the action really needs to know how it works, what grid positions work for it, and so forth.
As for the UI, there's still some work that needs to be done. the setup I have now is experimental. Just a button generated per move component attached to the agent(benefit of abstracting move logic).
I think I might not have time to figure out how to represent elevation. I've considered using a 2.5D grid, but it might take time away from other components of this project to implement.
I've been using EventHandlers a lot. I think this undermines the code a little since it exposes the sender object in the code and with a little refactoring, it might not be necessary.
However the upside of EventHandlers is that I can update the UI from the logic by making a UI component subscribe to an event. It's better than continually running the UI on the Update function and therefore is
more performant.
Hours Worked: 21

2 Produce System Tests Document
Description: A system Test document to determine the completeness of game code.
Status: Incomplete
No work has been done in this area. I've focussed on the spikework this week.

3 Title: Prepare for Ethics Form
Description: I'm pretty confident I don't have to be too worried about this.
Status: Complete
Hours Worked: 1

Extra Tasks Completed this Week:

1 Title: Mid Project Demonstration
Description: I've highlighted the times I can't do the mid project demonstration

New Tasks:

1 Title: Fulfill Ethics Form
Description: Submit the Ethics Requirement Form.

2 Title: Get back on top of Kanban
Description: I haven't been keeping on top of updating the Kanban work board with the ongoing tasks. I should make sure I'm at least doing that.

3. Title: SpikeWork demonstration
Description: I volunteered to show what Spikework I've been doing. It's a good opportunity to get feedback. 

Continue Task:

Continue Task:
1. Produce System Tests Document
It's really important I complete this before I start putting code to production.

Total Hours Worked: 22