Week 4 Diary Entry 17/02-23/02

Due to my car being broken down and stranded in Pembrokeshire, I couldn't attend the group meeting. I suggested we could do an individual meeting
if Bernie wanted to check in but no response.

Less work done this week since it was my birthday.

Tasks from Last Week:

1. Follow along Udemy Course
Description: Use this to help inform the design of the game https://www.udemy.com/course/unity-turn-based-strategy/
Status: Incomplete
This has been an incredibly useful project. It's taught me how to use singletons to interact with code in prefabs which should make my code more modular.
I've also adopted the approach from this project to keep the UI and the logic separate for the grid. I can use a custom grid object to draw a grid over
a tile map with textures. I've abstracted the location logic, i.e, transform position, into a more manageable gridposition struct. A class like GridObject
could help keep track of gameobjects occupying positions on the grid and I could potentially use an invisible gameobject marker that the players can't see but
the grid recognises to indicate terrain types. I think this is preferable to having that kind of logic in the tilemap which I just want to use for visual.
Another method might be to access the tile on the tilemap and infer the type of terrain based on that. I'll have to look into this.
Either way, I've got agents that can roam a quad plane freely, but are not snapping to a grid.
Since this is all spikework, I haven't uploaded it to the repository.
Hours Worked: 15

2 Produce System Tests Document
Description: A system Test document to determine the completeness of game code.
Status: Incomplete
No work has been done in this area. I've focussed on the spikework this week.
Hours Worked: 0

New Tasks:

1 Title: Prepare for Ethics Form
Description: Research Ethics Form requirements

Continue Task:

Continue Task:
1. Produce System Tests Document
It's really important I complete this before I start putting code to production.

Total Hours Worked: 15
